TO-DO:


1.Daemonise Supervisor and scheduling of it.
-Upstart test - done
-Daeminie process - not working

PSQL.CPP:
;Need to do error handling

Access.CPP
;Need to convert every char* to string and make it fully C++ style

myregex.CPP
;TODOs in processIdFinder

dispatcher.CPP
;make the Infinite while loop more efficient with somethng other measure
;for recvall() and sendall() - Need to do something if error occurs.
;make login a loop if incorrect login
;make wrong choice as repeaating loop
;make communication dynamic instead of sequential
;Connecting to database for every user make it one time (make a function which return the PGcon  object . 
	Call it every time not one time like if object was previously creted then return that else make a new 
	connection and return that -> this will sove the problem That if we connected to database one time and 
	the after sometime the connection broke , then our program will crash)

;Do same for the unixClientSocket - Now calling it every time
;Need to use send_err in send_fd and understand it and then do its error handling

logfile
;Need to make logfile opening one time somehow in access and accessories. Need to think is it ok to add a add 
	a func there to open file and call it everytime from logWrite[it open file only once bt every time check 
	whether it is opened or not]. This is error prone or too much.

Make:
;Need to amke .h of all the files 
;need to learn make thoroughly and then to build depedency perfectly

player.CPP
;Connecting to database for every user make it one time
;Instead of acceptiing a new connection from dispatcher for new player, hv 1 long lived connection with 
	the dispatcher and instead of wait using accept wait usinng recv. (Bcz our accepting method is sequential)
;error function of recv_fd


supervisor.c
;Run then kill supervisor, (but dispatcher is not getting killed), then again run the supervisor , now getting error 	in getPLayerInfoFromDb



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




strerror_r instead of strerror as first one is threadsafe
Need to change printf to cin and cout
dispatcher signal handler
change syntax to c++;
learn to use sql in c++
json







2.Supervise the supervisor via handling all the signals and think something of two exception signals. - Password , best handing procedures.
3.Search and Test for any case when SIGCHILD not generated.
4.Json - Basic Done
5.SQL - GOING ON
6.UNIX Domain Sockets
7.Error handling of Supervisor - Going On
8.Vidisha's segmentation fault error
9.No need of #include then error
10.No need of access.o in supervisor in makefile's supervisor target - DONE
11.Handel Bind Ports error - DONE
12.Handel Binary Files. - Done

